friends we are here in the company of old jen flavio old are not
fan 1 good morning to all as never before this flamingo beach 10 - wii same flour
of cereal is linked liquefied a plan twinning to go alekos Friday
unfair playing from time to time
of course there is a twinning between what the same family is friends
just listen to good music
only 4 happens and mingo bici flavio instead for those who want to listen to yours
music is a duty that like finding lerici sonar le icons as always though
always played in the finalist consoles of this story now
let's go back 20 years 30 years we don't spread even if one was
if we go to bed sma 30 degrees c has become 23
then around Italy for the world
but around the world now makes me ah yes
I was born in many places but now
have closed the borders
and why this thing of the living because in any case we come so many people
national of all countries
an exchange
mutual that Italian DJs go abroad but it is not fc extension that sp
italy everyone wants to make isee also in germany to all the fans divided in france
to tiffany di genova say we are already to many of us
because we have to let the Italians abroad come to the breast
of culture, in fact, we see this thing that we have become the only heaven
we also demonstrate those 6 years
if you had or even offered Marian DJs in other countries they closed we continue
ad aquileia and that is what all protectionism used to be called
world does it - italy for which years and are good and foreign dj free if
also the non-trivial ones come, as often happens
aurora is no longer good is a good diesel is one that even if you do not know
i a song of what is playing a title to laugh at transmitting it
motion of emotions something that makes you that involves you
this is a good dj there is a dj not good what does not do this is that
you pass
maybe you are playing bow luxury in bow
but this is not a design, however, a message to say
to all the owners of all the clubs around the world
quail you have one of the best tab management key is true of music
beautiful
house sung
experimental
old flavio
it is one of the best greetings to all the friends of the lesson. counts